# Community Planning for OPM Meeting 2020

This repository does not and will not host. It will only be used
to organize the Open Porous Media (OPM) Meeting 2020, taking
plan February 4-5, 2020 in Eichst√§tt, Bavaria, Germany. For location,
travel, schedule, and registration see the
[registration page](https://events.dr-blatt.de/e/1/opm-meeting-2020).

## Proposing talks

Topics of talks should be connected to OPM, e.g. development,
usage of it by you and your institution, how project/library could improve
or contribute to OPM's success, what you would further expect from OPM,
experiences as a user and/or developer.
They should be flexible in length as we cannot foresee how many there will
be in the end and do not expect to decline talks unless they are inappropriate,
i.e. not related to OPM at all. In previous meetings talks got slots of half
an hour and this is unlikely to change drastically as of January 14.

Whe you register, you can already tell us if you want to give a talk
at the meeting. You will find the list of proposed talks in the
[wiki](wiki/Proposed-Talks-at-the-OPM-Meeting-2020). If you did not
do this and want to give one then please add yourself to the table
in the [wiki](wiki/Proposed-Talks-at-the-OPM-Meeting-2020) or send an message pr Email to [Markus Blatt](/blattms).

## Unconference and Discussion / Hacking groups

While talks are nice and fine, the main reason for the meeting should be
to discuss stuff, and work together, eg. on problems and solutions.
You might remember that special conference
that really made a difference to your work, don't you? What was the best part
again? Chances are it were not exactly the talks but the rest: the informal
discussions (in small group), the chat about topic X with another attendee, etc.

Hence, we want to make the second part of the meeting (at least the second
day) only consist of these highly productive parts of a conference. But
here we need your help. Tell us what you want to discuss, what you want
to work on. This is usually called an [unconference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unconference).

We will misuse this repository's issue tracker for proposing topics/groups in advance.
But you can still propose them onsite at the meeting. Please use the
issue tracker to propose a topic with a short description. Please tag it
with "user" (if it is of interest to users), "developers" (if it is of interest
to developers), "discussion" (if this is mainly discussion), "hacking" (if it
includes hacking) or add your own label. BTW it makes a lot of sense if the
proposer is attending the meeting or finds an attendee that fills the spot
as moderator of the group if he or she is not attending.

Other attendees can of course leave their comments in the issue tracker, but
remember that the unconference will happen face to face at the meeting and
comments might be disregarded. It is more important to  use github's reactions
by making a ":+1" comment if it is interesting to you. This will allow us
to sort the proposals a bit before the conference.

There is a great chance that we might be able to attack all proposed topics/groups. As of January 14,
2020 the time available seems ample  and the number of proposed talks is still
very tractable.

If you do not have a github account then just send a mail to [Markus Blatt](/blattms).
